Add blog post about relase notes 0.5 (#127)
kyma-project/website: src/blog-posts/7-release-notes-05.md

- The static user password for administrators is generated during installation and stored in the secret admin-user in the `kyma-system` Namespace. You can add further static users by providing your own Kubernetes secrets. Use this [link](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/components/security#details-manage-static-users-in-dex) to learn more.

## Service Mesh

Istio is now installed from official Istio charts. Istio customization was externalized into a separate component: [istio-patch](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/components/service-mesh#details-istio-patch). As a result, Kyma can be installed on top of an existing [Istio installation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/root/kyma#installation-installation-with-custom-istio-deployment) (in the supported version).

## Installation

The installation documentation was reorganized and grouped under [Installation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/root/kyma#installation-installation).

## Monitoring

To keep track of your Kyma systems, we enhanced the following:

- An Alert is defined if an Pod is not restarting in one of the system Namespaces. This enables basic monitoring of the `kyma-system`.

![](./assets/alerts_9.png) 

> - Promehteus-alerting Webhooks are exposed in the configuration. This enables the integration of Prometheus Alerting in Custom Dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Promehteus alerting webhooks are exposed in the configuration. This enables the integration of Prometheus alerting in custom dashboards.
```

- HTTP configuration now allows to define different ways of authentication in the face of the webhook. Basic auth, Tls and Baere token are some of them.

### Known Issues

The Istio-related dashboards are not showing any data. For details, see [issue](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/1724).

#### Workaround 

None

## Logging

> Kyma is extended with a Persistence Layer for logging based on OKIog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma was extended with Persistence Layer for logging based on OK Log.
```

## Tracing

> The Tracing UI is now linked from within the Kyma Console UI to make it easier to access the tracing information. Furthermore, it is now possible to compare two traces to understand what happened differently. You can get an answer to the question: &quot;Why did something unexpected happened?&quot; You can find more details [here](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/components/tracing#details-trace-comparison).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tracing UI is now linked from within the Kyma Console UI to make it easier to access the tracing information. Furthermore, it is now possible to compare two traces to track the process. You can get an answer to the question: &quot;Why did something unexpected happened?&quot; You can find more details [here](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/components/tracing#details-trace-comparison).
```

## Console

> - Console can now be extended to add custom micro front-ends per environment as well as cluster-wide administration. More details can be found [here](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/components/console#details-ui-extensibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can extend the Console to add custom micro front-ends either for a single environment or for cluster-wide administration. More details can be found [here](https://kyma-project.io/docs/0.5/components/console#details-ui-extensibility).
```

![](./assets/console_1.png) 

- It is now possible to view and edit **ConfigMaps**:

> ![](./assets/console_2.png) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](./assets/console_2.PNG) 

```
The name differs from what we have in the assets directory - apparently capitalising the file extension does break it. I changed it to match the file.

- A completely new binding flow has been implemented in the instance view. Based on your feedback, we made sure it is far less complex than before:
  - Names for resources are autogenerated.
  - When binding to the application, you do not have to decide if you want to bind to Deployment first or maybe to the Function, as all applications are listed in one component for your convenience.
  
  ![](.assets/bind_application_1.png)
  
  - You can set a proxy for instance environment variables that are injected to your application.
  
  ![](./assets/bind_application_3.png)
  
  - The status of credentials (ServiceBinding) and application binding (ServiceBindingUsage) is now visible. Even more, if you are viewing the bindings and in the meantime the credentials creation fails, the UI indicates the failure and adds a red marker on the tab. This way, you know something wrong happened and you need to check the tab.
  

>   ![](./assets/service Instances.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![](./assets/service_instances.png)
```

>   ![](./assets/bound applications.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![](./assets/bound_applications.png)
```
